hey guys I'm Olivia I'm gonna be showing
you how to do a left turkey this is a
request from AC each year check Kiki and
she wanted me to put up put up a basic
jump and she said like a herkie
so that's what I'm gonna be showing you
how to do it how to stretch it and yeah
I'm gonna be stretching it with you guys
cuz I haven't stretched yet so I hope
you enjoyed my jobs aren't very good so
it's gonna be not as good as it should
look but I'll show you how it should
look on the floor alright so we'll start
off with saying this when doing a herkie
you always want to make sure that this
leg is straight like that and up the
bent legs like that and the straight leg
is pointed and out your straight leg
should be pretty much in a toe touch
this is the only thing that's different
from the toe touch is the one legs bent
so on the ground it should look like
this
it should probably be back there more
okay so like that
um stretch this you can always do the
biggest thing you wanna do is the Blitz
so when I structuring my splits I go
like this I take this foot and put it in
a box but in my case I'm gonna stretch
my left turkey so I'm gonna put my left
herkie
and the box like this and then you're
just my set kind of up and take this
ledge and put it straight behind and
you're just gonna kind of sit over this
leg and you're gonna try the object to
skip this your crotch area office work
okay hold up for about 10 seconds or as
long as you need to free stretch next
thing here you stretch your splits some
more so you're gonna do we're gonna take
left you're gonna take this like and
we're going to push it to the foot your
knee should never be over your foot
would be the stretch so make sure your
toes are always in front and you're
going to lunge and I've seen people with
their knee in the ground but I'm pretty
sure it helps better if your knees up
and you're gonna leave forward hold that
for about 10 seconds and then you're
gonna lean back sit on your foot and
you're gonna be able to balance make
sure and then you're going to take your
hands reach over haul up your body
pickleball look it's going over the wall
and shoot you keep your knees together
these two meats when they're when it's
bent and then one up straight keep the
stay in here and just reach for ten
seconds then you're gonna put your foot
out so like this you take this foot and
you're going to push it out away from
your body and I think do it on the hook
a little hard okay and then this flight
is gonna come up and you're going to
grab it with your opposite hand so this
is my right foot hanging about with my
left hand over here if you can see that
and you're gonna pull that up and move
forward hold that for about ten seconds
and then once you do that you're ready
to go into your split so my splits not
pulling down but it looks
yeah and if it's all the way down the
way you're gonna want to do is try
putting our arms up and your chest keep
your chest up in and put your arms up
see if you can balance okay you know
like I said before my hurt he's not very
good but I'm gonna try
so yeah I haven't that was like a quick
stretch stuff I hope with you ever fix
this up ready the cancer one two three
four is your hy-vee's before go and
check out my basic emotions if you don't
know what that is three four it's
playing five it'd be like that from side
come up six and that's when your legs
are gonna be up and you're gonna cheat
if then you land seven eight pull up one
that's how I stop the counts so five six
seven and eight I'll do it one more time
from the side five six seven eight and
one more I'm gonna put the camera up a
little bit cuz I've no idea if this is
like getting it yeah that's getting okay
we're indoors right so bye guys